italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/helpers/ShopHelperClass.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.helpers.ShopHelperClass
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/PrivateRemoveProductActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateRemoveProductActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateRemoveProductActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateRemoveProductActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateRemoveProductActivity$3
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/UserDashboardActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserDashboardActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserDashboardActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserDashboardActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserDashboardActivity$3
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserDashboardActivity$4
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserDashboardActivity$5
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserDashboardActivity$6
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserDashboardActivity$7
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserDashboardActivity$8
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/MainActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.MainActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.MainActivity$1
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/UserSearchShopActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserSearchShopActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserSearchShopActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserSearchShopActivity$2
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/adapter/SliderAdapter.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.SliderAdapter
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/PrivateProfileActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateProfileActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateProfileActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateProfileActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateProfileActivity$3
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateProfileActivity$4
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/PrivateAddProductActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$1$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$1$1$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$1$1$1$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$3
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$3$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$3$1$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$3$1$1$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$4
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$5
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$5$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$5$1$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$5$1$1$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateAddProductActivity$6
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/SignUpActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.SignUpActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.SignUpActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.SignUpActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.SignUpActivity$2$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.SignUpActivity$2$1$1
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/UserProductViewActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserProductViewActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserProductViewActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserProductViewActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserProductViewActivity$3
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/adapter/UserProductAdapter.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.UserProductAdapter
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/PrivateUpdateProductActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity$3
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity$4
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity$5
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity$6
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity$7
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity$8
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateProductActivity$9
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/PrivateCategoriesDashboardActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateCategoriesDashboardActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateCategoriesDashboardActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateCategoriesDashboardActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateCategoriesDashboardActivity$3
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateCategoriesDashboardActivity$4
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/UserSearchProductActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserSearchProductActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserSearchProductActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserSearchProductActivity$2
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/BuildConfig.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.BuildConfig
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/adapter/MostViewedHelperClass.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.MostViewedHelperClass
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/helpers/ProductHelperClass.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.helpers.ProductHelperClass
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/LoginActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.LoginActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.LoginActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.LoginActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.LoginActivity$3
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.LoginActivity$4
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/adapter/FeaturedAdapter.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.FeaturedAdapter
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.FeaturedAdapter$FeaturedViewHolder
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.ui.home.HomeViewModel
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/helpers/FruitHelperClass.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.helpers.FruitHelperClass
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/UserShopViewActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserShopViewActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserShopViewActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserShopViewActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserShopViewActivity$3
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/RegisterShopActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.RegisterShopActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.RegisterShopActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.RegisterShopActivity$1$1
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/helpers/VegetableHelperClass.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.helpers.VegetableHelperClass
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/adapter/UpdateProductAdapter.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.UpdateProductAdapter
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/UserProductListViewActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserProductListViewActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserProductListViewActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserProductListViewActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserProductListViewActivity$3
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/helpers/UserHelperClass.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.helpers.UserHelperClass
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/OnBoardingShoppingAreaActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.OnBoardingShoppingAreaActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.OnBoardingShoppingAreaActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.OnBoardingShoppingAreaActivity$1$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.OnBoardingShoppingAreaActivity$2
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/PrivateUpdateViewProductActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateViewProductActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateViewProductActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateViewProductActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateUpdateViewProductActivity$3
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/adapter/MostViewedAdapter.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.MostViewedAdapter
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.MostViewedAdapter$MostViewedViewHolder
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/adapter/CategoriesAdapter.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.CategoriesAdapter
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.adapter.CategoriesAdapter$AdapterAllCategoriesViewHolder
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/helpers/CategoriesHelperClass.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.helpers.CategoriesHelperClass
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/TestingActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.TestingActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.TestingActivity$1
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/UserShopListViewActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserShopListViewActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserShopListViewActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserShopListViewActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.UserShopListViewActivity$3
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/RecupereEmailActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.RecupereEmailActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.RecupereEmailActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.RecupereEmailActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.RecupereEmailActivity$2$1
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/PrivateDashboardActivity.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateDashboardActivity
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateDashboardActivity$1
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateDashboardActivity$2
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateDashboardActivity$3
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateDashboardActivity$4
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.PrivateDashboardActivity$5
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.ui.home.HomeFragment
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/helpers/FeaturedHelperClass.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.helpers.FeaturedHelperClass
italy/company/pietroclemente92/demetra/helpers/OtherProductHelperClass.java
 italy.company.pietroclemente92.demetra.helpers.OtherProductHelperClass
